;; spelled לױ in source, maybe should be לװי with yivo "leyvi". need to compare to other version of text
levi	NPR	לױ

;; depends on POS tag, it returns the abbreviation, but listing both here for clarity
reb	N	רעב
reb	NPR	ר'

;; yiddish.py needs rebm to return the right string - is this a bug or should this be the romanization?
rebn	N	רבין

;; yiddish.py gets elkone as   אלקנה but not with the n - does it get acc/dat on other names?
elkonen	NPR	אלקנהן

;; likewise for rokhlen
rokhlen	NPR	רחלען

;; At one point yiddish.py returned 'כּל-'
kol	N	קול

;; returns vov with dagesh.  Is that needed?
;; not a big deal but makes it simpler for the splitting later on
;; to make it just vov
#tsuvos	P~WPRO	צוװאָס

;; to maintain compatiability with earlier results.
;; don't know why it's changed - need to look into these more.
kol	Q	כּל-
kol	H	כּל-
v'kol	H	װ'כּל-
b'kol	H	ב'כּל-

;; yiddish.py also an extra hyphen returns  בת-
bas	NPR	בת

;; yiddish.py returns non-final nun - maybe the apostrophe isn't the right character?  what is this a contraction of?
mir'n	PRO~MDF	מיר'ן

;; yidish.py only seems to work w/o the hyphen
;; nafke-mine	N	נפֿקא-מינה

;; there is no good romanization of this.  The text has מיישב as spelling variation of the regular
;; form having only one yud.  Also, yiddish.py requires meyshev to get the form with
;; one yud, while the dictionary has meyashev as the romanization.
meyashev	RP-H	מײשב

;; not sure what's going on with yiddish.py here
;; detransliterate(porets, loshn_koydesh=True) =  ץורפּ (wrong)
;; transliterate("ץירפּ", loshn_koydesh=True) =  porets  (correct)
porets	N	פּריץ

;; yiddish.py only works as part of sosn-vesimkhe
sosn	N	שׂשׂון

;; interesting - yiddish.py has poshet of course, but not poshete - as an ADJ, shouldn't it have it also?
;; same thing for online dictionary
poshete	ADJ	פּשוטע

;; yiddish.py doesn't get this unless as part of sholem-aleykhem
aleykhem	H	עליכם

;; The text here doesn't quite match dictionary, and not in yiddish.py
;; maybe a fem form?
lomde-toyre	N	לומדי-תּורה

;; don't know what this is
das	X	דאס

;; odd case
;; otayene is treated as ota + yene
;; really need to check the YBC corpus and see how common this is
otayene	FP~D	אָטאַיענע

;; combined word, need to override ay
farayorn	P~D~N	פֿאַראַיאָרן

;; really besmedresh but with a hey before medresh
beys-hamidresh	N	ביתּ-המדרש

;; yiddish.py only has it with epele
simkhes-toyre-epl	N	שׂימחת-תּורה-עפּל

ki	H	כּי
betseylem	H	בצלם
elokim	H	אלקים
navrey	H	נורא
haodem	H	האדם
eyneni	H	אינני
yoydeye	H	יודע
toyref	H	טורף
moytse	H	מוציא
